feat(datepicker): Added datepicker component. (#1211)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/barista-components/experimental/datepicker/README.md

# Datepicker (experimental)

The `dt-datepicker` can be used to select a date with (or without) a time.

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleDatepickerDefault" fullwidth></ba-live-example>

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleDatepickerDark" fullwidth themedark></ba-live-example>

## Initialization

To apply the Dynatrace datepicker, use the `<dt-datepicker>` element.

| Attribute       | Description             |
| --------------- | ----------------------- |
| `dt-datepicker` | The datepicker element. |

To apply the Dynatrace calendar, use the `<dt-calendar>` element.

| Attribute     | Description           |
| ------------- | --------------------- |
| `dt-calendar` | The calendar element. |

To apply the Dynatrace calendar body only, use the `<dt-calendar-body>` element.

| Attribute          | Description                |
| ------------------ | -------------------------- |

> | `dt-calendar-body` | The calendar body element. |

Reviewer: I just removed it and briefly explained how each element can be used in the template.

      useValue: DT_DEFAULT_DARK_THEMING_CONFIG,
    },
})
class MyModule {}
```

## Inputs

Datepicker

| Name               | Type        | Default | Description                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------ | ----------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id                 | `string`    | `null`  | The datepicker id.                                                                                                                 |
| value              | `D \| null` | `null`  | The selected date.                                                                                                                 |
| startAt            | `D \| null` | `null`  | The date to open the calendar to initially. Is ignored if `selected` is set. Defaults to today's date internally for display only. |
| disabled           | `boolean`   | `false` | Whether the datepicker is disabled.                                                                                                |

> | isTimeEnabled      | `boolean`   | `false` | Whether or not the time mode is enabled.                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: Maybe clarify this a bit, e.g.
```suggestion
| isTimeEnabled      | `boolean`   | `false` | Whether input fields for time should be displayed as well.                                                                                           |
```
